= jslintrb

* http://github.com/smparkes/jslintrb

== Description

jslintrb is a packaged version of Douglas Crockford's JSLint JavaScript code checker.
jslintrb uses SpiderMonkey via the Johnson Ruby gem to interpret the JSLint javascript.

== Usage

jslintrb <javascript files to be checked>

You can provide .jslinrbrc files in the directory from which the
command is run, the directory in which any file is found, and in any
parent of that directory, to set jslint options. They are processed
default first, then current directory, then ancestor directories, then
the immediate parent. For example, I have a .jslintrbrc file in my
top-level project directory that sets options for my project, then one
in my spec directory (like a test directory) which adds the globals
that exist for the tests but not for the core application code.

The file is JSON-formatted. See the jslint documentation
(http://www.jslint.com/lint.html#options) for allowed options and an
example at http://github.com/smparkes/env-js/blob/envjsrb/.jslintrbrc.

== Differences from upstream

JSLint warns against using new to be evaluated soley for
side-effects. jslintrb allows this if you set the "newside" option.

JSLint forbids the use void(x). I find this the cleanest/most reliable
way of generating the undefined value, since the "undefined" variable
can be defined. The "void" option enables the use of void.

Upstream recently added support for ECMAScript 5 getters and setters
but this hasn't been integrated yet. (Not sure about the requirements
for paired getters/setters.) Nick Galbreath (http://blog.client9.com/)
had the idea of just using a regexp to mangle the common cases for the
purposes of jslint until upstream suports them. You can do this now in
jslintrb by setting the "gettersetter" option to true. Note that this
option has to be turned on in a .jslintrbrc file; it can't be turned
on with inline comments.

== Copyright

jslintrb copyright (c) 2010 Steven Parkes. See LICENSE for details.
jslint copyright (c) 2002 Douglas Crockford. See lib/jslintrb/fulljslint.js for details.
